kool
what W to become party here I always get
told all these cool interesting ideas
people randomly p.m. a decklist this
one's been sitting on my desktop since
of course fire nice hands got announced
and I wanted to go ahead and profile
this kind of talk about some of the
things going on in the stack and try to
get your guys's general opinion on what
you guys think about an anti meta hero
deck such as this so before we even look
at the deck itself here of course you
guys know that the hands are pretty much
straightforward anti meta as it gets Ram
Papa spell bring up the next one ramp up
monster bring out the next hand
basically float into it you know
effectively six times in one turn
depending on what your opponent has set
up on the board outside of that this
build is teching I hero engine which is
actually interesting hero engine
combined with the hands gives you pretty
much access to infinite Nova master and
infinite zero these two guys that you
know most people seem to forget exists
in Stratasys min away from time outside
of the hero engine though of course you
know with the hero engine you guys get
spark miracle fusion things like that
but one of unique things about this deck
is this deck can successfully run skill
drain now I'm not saying the dark world
and dragon rulers are worse choices than
this I'm just saying that hey this deck
and play skill drain too so I outside of
that I just wanted to profile this
because it seemed like a really cool
hero deck in theory Oh granted like I
said you might run into a few problems
trying to play this especially with
photon treasure but each person I'd
recommend you guys are going to test run
this please do have a little bit of fun
with it guys give me some tweaks on this
as well in the comments that's why we do
these things communicate revised try to
make decklist I guess is optimal and as
fun as possible for everybody so let's
talk about this he's playing two photon
Thrasher not a bad choice my main
concern with Thrasher though is wouldn't
other heroes seem like they might be a
little bit better
choice I mean yes granted you are
playing skill drain by I'm just saying
you might want to consider playing
things with thrashers well trip alone
EOC Elias pretty standard for this
particular build one Thunder King Rio
also pretty standard night than 1,900
stun beats then the six hands like I
said give this deck that very very
beautiful stun feel and then to card
kart DS room room plus 2 after the
spells to emergency call one rota the
triple miracle fusion pretty
straightforward with what he's trying to
do there create boss monsters dark hole
triple upstart Goblin and triple duality
general back row hate triple m st and
the two gemini sparks wraps up the
spelling them as for the traps
bottomless torrential the triple skill
drain to black corner heaven and once
all morning Blackburn's actually a very
good call in the current format
especially with quasar debt back running
around outside of that the main deck
seems like it's pretty standard for
heroes he's got plenty of draw power to
get through to his key cards and he's
pretty much set up as much I guess
possible generation excuse me as much
possible card advantage setups as
possible these guys so is extra deck I
don't know if I really like double Nova
master I'm gonna be completely honest
with you there I kind of like super Kali
and things like that for the side deck
and I kind of feel like having double
noble master and takes away from that
but with as many fire hands as you play
I mean I guess I can understand why but
Gaia would be an option as well the two
shining pretty straight forward to
absolute zero once again pretty
straightforward Omega black ship 101
hartland Drago diamond dire ex guitar
emeril dweller and cowboy pretty much
wraps up the extra deck I can say the
only thing I'm kind of debating on is
the Nova master I kind of thing super
probably might be a better choice for
the side it will let you mix up your
heroes a little bit and give you some
slots but I understand what Nova master
is good that plus one that you get from
killing things by battle pretty good
but outside that yeah this is a fire ice
hero or fi hero member brie vs me some
general direction where you guys think
this deck list is going and don't say in
the trash can because I know it's going
to come up at least once or twice it's
worth the laugh but I'm just saying so
yeah guys cue to keep that with me tell
me you guys think and might want to
consider in m7 for that gun store Mecca
I hope you guys enjoyed this video
please thumbs up this video to show your
support and please check out vanco 44
cardfight vanguard m cole games for
miscellaneous trading card games and No
Limit gaming for a brand new series of
yugioh videos thanks for watching